## 🏆New York state invitational🏆
I arrived at The Links at Union Vale two days before the tournament started to get a good look at the golf course. It was overall pretty hilly. I also just reshafted my wedge and it was looking good. It spun a lot but I wasn’t really sure if I needed spin because of all the uphills and downhills of the course. I started my first round there and on the first hole, I hit a bomb down the right side of the rough. I had 93 yards to the pin and I hit it all the way over the green. I chipped my ball and noticed it bounced 5 feet up over the hill. I was wondering why when I stepped on the green and noticed it was stone hard. I had never seen such a hard green!!! I hit my chip to about 15 feet and holed it out with a 360˚ lip in. I was so happy and I ran over to pick up my ball. Then the rest of the day I just kept on hitting good drives, landing my irons next to the pin waiting for it to spin only for it to bounce 40 feet ahead. The greens were fun to play with and I would hit a shorter club and it would land on the fringe and spin back a little. 

It was the morning of tournament day and I was feeling good. I had a good night’s sleep and some nice weather. The range was open but I went to the practice green first and I had some chips, some putts, and some 30 yard low shots. For some reason all my putts were going in and all my chips went to 2 feet. That was strange. I had about 40 minutes left so I went to the range. My irons were going 3 feet to the pins and I was wondering why today was so, so strange. I went to the first tee with a little stir in my chest. Maybe today I would shoot under par. Maybe I would even break 70! I hit my driver in the exact same spot as the day before, but this time I had 82 yards. So I hit my 52º high up so that it would stop and spin. I found out this actually worked by hitting it to three feet. I was excited!!! I walked up to the green and took 1 minute trying to figure out the line but I missed. I tapped it in for par. I didn’t get mad because I would have better chances in the end. I had five birdies that day and no bogeys. I had birdies on 2,3,6,13, and 14. 
On the second hole, I absolutely obliterated my driver 253 yards and on the right side of the fairway. It was a par five dogleg left and was only 380. I had 129 yards left and I hit my little 7 iron with a little fade and I hit it on the left side of the green. I had about 40 feet left and I put it to a foot. I tapped in for a birdie. On three, it was a par three and it was 150. I simply grabbed my 6 iron and promptly put it to 20 feet. I took no time in my putt and just randomly aimed right because of the slope and it just went in. It was a downhill but I was just trying to get it close for a par, but my ball won’t listen. The hole has a magnetic aura connected with the ball. I had a break from those great birdies and I went to the sixth hole, a short 260-yard par four. Overall it was a pretty wide fairway with some bunkers in the middle. I ignored them and carried my driver over the farthest bunker, which was 240 yards. It rolled to just the edge of the green and I sure was happy with that shot. I came over and checked where I wanted to land that, and I figured i’ll do a little low chip. I walked over and promptly duffed my chip. I wasn’t mad, at least I was on the green in 2. I spent 30 seconds preparing for my putt. I had the line. Now I just needed the speed. I struck it and my ball waited on the edge for 2 seconds and dropped in. I was laughing so hard with my group and I walked/sludged over to the hole and picked up my ball. I had a big break from birdies until 13. It was only 250, and I drove it on the back of the green. I hit my chip to about 3 feet and tapped it in. I got a birdie on the next hole, 14. It was the big dogleg left hole. I drove it so far that my driver had a little cracky sound when I put it in my bag. I checked it and made sure it was okay, and it was. I had 170 left to the flag, and I hit my five wood just short of it. I struck the ball with my putter from the fringe and it went about half an inch short of the hole. What a great eagle that would have been. I broke my best record that day, shooting a 67 at The Links at Union Vale.  

The next day…
The next day I shot a 72, making me 5 under for two rounds, at 67, 72. Adding up to 139, making that the best score for me ever for two rounds. 

From this tournament I learned how to control my feelings and my mental health, keeping that smile on my face, coming through even when I got those first three bogies. The achievements I made during this tournament made me feel proud of myself. I made three achievements during this tournament: Playing my first ever bogey free round of 18 holes, shooting my best score, and my best for two rounds. This tournament made my feel special and made me learn about a lot of things that are crucial when it comes to sports.